# What is This Modpack About?

- messages

An Inconvenient Modpack is a philosophical story of our current times and scathing political commentary about the issues that affect all of us, packaged in the form of an epic minecraft modpack. This is not your average modpack. There is an enormous amount to do here including but not limited to 9 large chapters of content and many collections of side quests, hundreds of advancements and intricately handcrafted progression changes to the more than 200 mods included with the pack. The narrative that will guide you through the content of this pack will make you think deeply about the issues affecting all of us right now.

## Narrative Arc

1. you wake up in a bunker after sleeping in ice for 1000 years. you have absolutely no memory from before and you even forgot who you are. the main drive to play the modpack is to remember who you are. This is basically a form of a prolonged waking up. you wake up out of the ice but you are still in a dream and you have to play the modpack to wake up fully
2. so we have a goal of waking up and remembering. to do this we need to answer 3 questions: who were you before the bunker, what happened to the world while you were asleep and why were you in the bunker in the first place.
3. to figure out who you were you need to trigger your memories. civilization has collapsed and you are all alone. you are hungry and hot and you need to protect yourself from the zombies. you complete crafting similar to sevtech progression like mentioned before, and after achieving certain milestones you have a flashback, like a trauma memory. I can't make you actually have a vision or at least not yet but you will write about it in your journal. I have written 9 nightmares so far (more to come) that describe memories that the player remembers from their past. these nightmares build a growing case that you were a billionaire in your past life, and that you did horrible things to everyone around you and to the world.
4. to figure out what happened to the world while you slept you need to go out in the world, to different dimensions, and explore. you will find scraps of paper in chests in the dimensions and you can craft them together to find lost stories. they are accounts of the effects of climate change from the perspectives of people living during that time. you learn about flooding, ocean acidification, a pandemic, infestations of bugs and natural disasters, among other things.
5. you begin to find what you think is the inconvenient truth when you get to the nether (which by the way is an enormous undertaking requiring massive amounts of automation and progression) you learn an inconvenient truth that, at least in the nether, burning of fossil fuels led to a runaway greenhouse effect that ignited lakes of oil and turned that cavern into a living hell.
6. you make a choice, the path of satisfaction or ambition, but regardless of your choice you end up coming to the same conclusion, that the human species is a cancer and we are by our very nature destined to destroy everything. you feel hopeless but you feel that this can't be the end of the story and wait for something to come to you
7. this marks the end of both chapter 5.1 and chapter 5.2. chapter 6 hasn't been created yet but this is what is planned
8. you are going to have a new dream but this time you are going to actually see it. you are going to be teleported to a new dimension and you are going to be an employee working at corpo corporation. you are going to be tasked with building the bunker and you are going to realize that you remembered your past wrong. you had amnesia and the subjects and objects got mixed around as you remembered. you were the billionaire's employee this whole time. you had many different hats, you were his personal assistant basically. you thought you did these horrible things but these things were being done to you and you watched them happen. you go back home and there is someone by your door asking you to go to a secret meeting. in that meeting a bunch of people are discussing a revolution. they will tell you a philosophy that explains that you have still been sleeping this whole time, that you are in a dream now and you have the choice to either wake up or stay asleep. this is the real inconvenient truth
9. then what you choose changes the course of the modpack into 2 completely different games
10. if you choose to stay asleep you become an employee of corpo corporation and you need to rise up the ranks of the corporate office, while simultaneously dealing with a coming apocalypse due to climate change. the gameplay is very much like shooting things but also office work and building things and working on factory lines and adapting to climate change
11. if you choose to wake up you get teleported out of the dream dimension and you begin the process of creating a new world. but before you can do this you have to grieve the world that you lost. you need to go through the process to heal the trauma you (and everyone else basically) have endured because of capitalism. you start having dreams instead of nightmares, hopes about the future and you start to envision a sustainable reality. then you restore the world through public works projects and build a solar punk civilization its going to be minecolonies i think.
12. after healing the world you can finally go to space and then its just fun like finishing a different modpack.
